  There's a plumber named Bob, and he lives in a shack on top of a hill in a
a town called Goldhoof. One morning he received a call, the kind he receives
nearly every day. A woman's bathwater would only come out cold, truly a 
problem for the ages. Bob sat himself down into his worn out truck with groan 
and prepared himself for a perfectly normal fix for a perfectly normal hot
water boiler.
	On his way to the woman's house he sees a young boy playing on the
 street just ahead of him. He honks his horn and the child picks up his soccer
 ball and hastily runs onto the sidewalk. "It's Bob the plumber!" the child
exclaims. Bob was a legend around these parts; the children idolised him.
Brimming with the confidence given to him by his young admirer, Bob pulls up
 his truck onto the womans driveway and prepares himself for a good days work.
	Before he even knocked the door, the woman's dog -- Henry --
already started barking. Henry knows Bob very well. Every time Bob came, he
always give Henry a lot of treats. After a few seconds, the door was opened,
and Bob was warmly welcamed by the women. Everything seems normal except
the women's face. Bob wondered: "Why do I feel like something is weird about
her face?" To be polite, Bob did not ask further more.
	But the suspense was killing Bob as he was working on the plumbing
problem. The suspense was making him not be able to focus on the task at 
hand. Bob tried to push this question to the back of his mind. He noticed as
he was working on the plumbing problem that their was actually not a problem
to be fixed. Bob thought to himself, "This is a little weird." Bob felt a gust
of cold wind shoot down his back. He felt an eerie prescence behind him. As 
Bob turns around he sees the women standing right behind him.

	The Women happened to be his long time ex wife from the future. Bob 
was filled with fear because he never thought that a moment like that would 
occur. He took time to listen to her story about how she got to the past...

	"Wow... just wow," Bob said, exasperated from the long story, "I never
thought plumbing would be the key to time travel."
	"And with your future self out of the picture, we need this past you 
to come to the future and stop the sewer monster menace," his future ex wife
further explained.
	"Well then. If there's plumbing to be done, then I guess it's time for
another day's work."

    -Fin
